So it is the SICK meeting secure and govern growth and data science, meaning applied ML, ML ops and anti-buse team meeting. That's a big mouthful. We might get a better name over time. And that's our meeting for September 14th or 15th in APEC and hi, Alan. Glad you're here. Why are you here when it's midnight? Glad you're here. Don't make it happen to come to this meeting since it's really late for you. Thanks for coming at least once. News and events. I've got a lot of things on the agenda today because of some of this. Apologies for that. I think it's going to go down over time. Based on feedback, I work to do more summarized communications. To improve the signal and noise ratio in my communications.
groups of people, including this group of people. This was wrote in for this group, adding more items to our staff meeting agenda, often as we only rather than post and go our Slack channel. And I am going to be assuming that people leaders on the team will attend this meeting or read the notes and not run the Slack channel. So keep that in mind. Let's see, B is a read only item, unless anybody wants to discuss it and C fill has. Hi, welcome, Alan to the meeting. I've asked Alan to step in as acting full stack manager for security policies while I hire an EM. Alan has graciously accepted this wonderful opportunity. So welcome, Alan. Thank you. I've got the next item as well. So anti-abuse is moving product sections from staff and anti-abuse is moving product sections from sector data science. Data science.
as effectively a rename of the model ops section. So data science will include two stages, the existing model ops, which has three groups in it, which Maun can talk more about. And the anti abuse stage, which only currently has one group, which is called anti abuse. I think at some point there are plans to split the anti abuse into two groups, but that's not in the near near two. And we're working through all the changes around that. There's lots of work, there are changes, lots of handbook changes. Maun, do you want to say anything more about data science or model ops? No, I think for us, we just roll up to data science, everything else stays the same. We still have the two main groups applied ML, ML ops, and then later data ops, it's part of it. Yeah.
Thanks, Thomas, for continuing to compile and report on across all my teams that I'm responsible for in the engineering allocation meeting on error budgets and reliability and security incidents. So really do appreciate that. Gotta give Neil a high five too. He does have, he does half of these now and apologies for the noise. If I keep asking for what's the story behind what's going on with reliability or security or error budget stuff, just trying to provide error cover. And I apologies Neil, I totally forgot you took half of these since Thomas has been doing it for so long, but appreciate it. I know you volunteered for it and we discussed it, but I just forgot. Kind of a thankless role, honestly. And I volunteer because of the exposure I get from it. It's nice to be part of a different collective group of people. I was going to mention I'll type this in here, but Tiago had set up for container security a bot that weekly, I think it's Mondays or like Sunday. We'll ping the team.
and ask for volunteer to go and resource that data. And we just enabled it for thread insights. It's actually pretty sweet. And it just does all the work for you, Thomas. So we don't have to think people ourselves. So I'll put a note in there for that. F is read only in bill you've got G. Yeah, I'm a talent assessment. So we had an update from Juliana. The dates haven't been confirmed yet, but it'll be sometime from mid-October through to December. I think e-group sign-off is expected to be mid-December before everyone goes on holiday. They've got a draft timeline in there, but the dates, the dates, um, in the handbook yet. The big changes we're moving to do it in work day, that's not available yet. I haven't seen a demo of it. I don't know what questions will be asked. But there's an optional self-evaluation, which will move into work day and then
the work that we do as managers will also happen in work day. At the moment, some people are using the Google Docs, which is listed on the talent assessment page for self-evaluations and for the manager work. I'd suggest continuing to use those docs until we get access to work day and see what the exact differences are. Each I and J are read only, unless anybody wants to discuss them. Thomas, get item K. Yeah. Apologies for the late live addition to the agenda on this one, but one more note on a change we're rolling out within secure, pretty lightweight and that we're establishing a second team within dynamic analysis. So, issue is there, folks want to play that would like to follow along or ask any questions about it for the plan for right now. So I'm going to be serving as a team to acting EM.
and in addition to normally scheduled, some duties for lack of a better way of putting it. And so happy to answer any questions, if folks have about that. I had a quick question. We've done the same thing in three, and science was near-land and Tiago, each having teams. What are you gonna call your new team or how will you differentiate? Was not planning to differentiate it. It's just a second team with dynamic analysis. We're not creating a new group, which I think is the same pattern that's happening within threat insights as well. It's just two teams. No, I know that there's Tangerine and there's Navy. I'm not a Tangerine person myself. So what the figure is out? Yeah, I'm not doing another two color Thomas. I struggled with Alan. That's the theme. Tomato, I don't know. We'll figure it out. We'll figure it out.
I think the difference between what's happening in thread insights and within dynamic analysis is that this is a split or long feature category. Even though we're keeping that we're not super new group, it is the distinction is along like who's working on specific feature categories themselves. So the the where the fracture point is happening is a little different, but the approach and effect are the same. I hope. So on to big rocks and hot issues section. I know it was a big rock that kind of belong here perhaps more than that, but so did that survey where you got an awesome response rate from the team on how to improve the MR rate for the team. And then I took a really long time to go to other results and summarize and make initial recommendations.
So, it lost a little bit of momentum. I got caught up in other things across functional prioritization and the customer escalation. So, since then, this is actually used by John Hope to lead a discussion at the development offset last week on just improving engineering velocity as one of the things he used to power it. So, it had value there, but I've seen no comments, I think, for anybody in this group, which means either no time forgot about it or it doesn't, we looked at it and it doesn't have much value. And any of those things are okay. I'm just curious where the group landed. And if you haven't taken a look yet to see if there's anything you want to take away from it on things you might want to consider, you're not going to need to do so. And to consider, not to do, but to consider. Anybody got any chance to read it yet? And think about it or not just yet. It's not my guess is perhaps everybody's really busy and they haven't left yet.
I mean at a high level J Niel Tiago we've talked about changes. I think J you've already looked at some changes around refinement that was nearer that you were going to look at for interview. So report back by the end of the quarter Tiago and Niel I kept up from him before that where we ended up with for freedom science. Yeah I'm hoping that MR rate is kind of an artifact or a byproduct of some other actions. The big thing we're doing is more whole type of work like random miscellaneous, not scheduled, not PM necessarily actions or issues and that actually is creating some more additional work like it's just like free time work. I want to change a pace, move to something else momentarily and these are generally smaller types of issues too so they're quicker to knock out. Therefore they create more MRs which has been a cool byproduct. So I think that's helping us succeed there. Yeah we're also seeing some success with